Update configuration.md (#1370)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/stencil-docs/page-builder/configuration.md

## Persistent settings storage

> When store administrators use Theme Styles to customize your store's theme, they save the store's resulting configuration settings to a separate configuration service at BigCommerce. However, if you download your current theme from the dropdown in the control panel, the theme styles settings will appear in config.json.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When store administrators use Theme Styles to customize their store's theme, they save the store's resulting configuration settings to a separate configuration service at BigCommerce. However, if they download their current theme from the dropdown in the control panel, the theme styles settings will appear in config.json. The config.json file contains settings currently applied to the theme so that styles set in Page Builder can be further customized in local development.
```

Reviewer: Added a sentence clarifying that the settings that are downloaded are those currently applied to a theme (mentioned in the ticket)

> When store administrators use Theme Styles to customize their store's theme, they save the store's resulting configuration settings to a separate configuration service at BigCommerce. However, if they download the current theme from the dropdown in the control panel, the theme styles settings will appear in config.json. The config.json file contains settings currently applied to the theme so that styles set in Page Builder can be further customized in local development.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When store administrators use Theme Styles to customize their store's theme, they save the store's resulting configuration settings to a separate configuration service at BigCommerce. However, if they download the current theme from the dropdown in the control panel, the theme styles settings will appear in `config.json`. The `config.json` file contains settings currently applied to the theme so that styles set in Page Builder can be further customized in local development.
```
